ENH: Refresh the guide for  installation using conda (#68)
soda-inria/sklearn-numba-dpex: README.md

# sklearn-numba-dpex

Experimental plugin for scikit-learn to be able to run (some estimators) on Intel GPUs
via [numba-dpex](https://github.com/IntelPython/numba-dpex). Support for other GPU
constructors is also on the roadmap and depends on progress of interoperability features
of the `numba-dpex` stack.

This package requires working with the following branch of scikit-learn:

> - `wip-engines` branch on https://github.com/ogrisel/scikit-learn

Author: yes

## List of Included Engines

- `sklearn.cluster.KMeans` for the standard LLoyd's algorithm on dense data arrays,
  including `kmeans++` support.

  No implementation of k-means for sparse input data or for the "Elkan" algorithm is

>   included at the moment or planned to be.

Reviewer: I think it might be more interesting for users to know what is planned to be supported rather than what isn't. What do you think?

#### Using a conda installation

Conda does not currently support installation of the low-level runtime libraries for
GPUs, so the first part of the installation guide consists in installing those libraries
on the host system.

The second part consists in running conda commands that create the environment with
all the required packages and configuration. Note that while the installation is a bit
complicated since it mixes packages from several conda channels `conda-forge`,
`dppy/label/dev`, and `intel`, some of which being experimental, neither the builds nor
the channels are maintained by the `sklearn_numba_dpex` and their level of stability is
unknown.

TODO: update the instructions to install everything from non-dev conda packages on
always up-to-date channels whenever it's available.

##### Install low-level runtime libraries for your GPU (1/2)

At this time, only Intel GPUs are supported.

###### Intel GPU runtime libraries

For Intel GPUs, two backends are available. You might want to install both of those,
and test if one gives better performances.

TODO: write a guide on how to select the device and the backend in a python script.

> - **intel opencl for gpu**: the intel opencl runtime can be installed following
>   [this link](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime#installation-options) . For apt

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Intel OpenCL for GPU**: the Intel OpenCL runtime can be installed following
  [this link](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime#installation-options). For apt
```

  based linux distributions, for example it can be installed using the package manager:
  ```
  $ apt-get install intel-opencl-icd
  ```
- **oneAPI level zero loader**: alternatively, or in addition, the oneAPI level zero
  backend can be used. This backend is more experimental, and is sometimes preferred
  over opencl. Source and `deb` archives are available
  [here](https://github.com/oneapi-src/level-zero/releases)

###### Give permissions to submit GPU workloads

Non-root users might lack permission to access the GPU device to submit workloads. Add
those users to the `video` group and/or `render` group:

> ```

Reviewer: Hum, it is true that having the information about being able to run them as root or user is convenient. Up to you.

The second part consists in running conda commands that create the environment with
all the required packages and configuration. Note that the installation logic is a bit
complicated since it mixes packages from several conda channels `conda-forge`,
`dppy/label/dev`, and `intel`, some of which being experimental. Neither the builds nor
the channels are maintained by the `sklearn_numba_dpex` team and their level of
stability is unknown.

🚧 TODO: update the instructions to install everything from non-dev conda packages on
always up-to-date channels whenever it's available.

##### Install low-level runtime libraries for your GPU (1/2)

At this time, only Intel GPUs are supported.

###### Intel GPU runtime libraries

For Intel GPUs, two backends are available. You might want to install both of those,
and test if one gives better performances.

🚧 TODO: write a guide on how to select the device and the backend in a python script.

- **Intel Opencl for GPU**: the intel opencl runtime can be installed following
  [this link](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime#installation-options).

  ⚠⚠⚠ **WARNING** ⚠⚠⚠: for Ubuntu (confirmed for `focal` and `jammy`) the `apt`-based

>   installation is broken, see https://github.com/IntelPython/dpctl/issues/887 .

Reviewer: Get we wrap such technical section within collapsible content (i.e. content wrapped between `<details>` and  `</details>` here)?

   To not alter the `apt`-based version tree too much and risk other compatibility
   issues, the recommended workaround consists in identifying the version that is
   officially supported by your OS (use [packages.ubuntu.com](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=intel-opencl-icd&searchon=names))
   then find the corresponding build from the [Intel release page on github](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases)
   and follow the instruction from the release page, e.g for `jammy`:

   ```bash
    mkdir neo
    cd neo
    wget https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases/download/22.14.22890/intel-gmmlib_22.0.2_amd64.deb
    wget https://github.com/intel/intel-graphics-compiler/releases/download/igc-1.0.10840/intel-igc-core_1.0.10840_amd64.deb
    wget https://github.com/intel/intel-graphics-compiler/releases/download/igc-1.0.10840/intel-igc-opencl_1.0.10840_amd64.deb
    wget https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases/download/22.14.22890/intel-opencl-icd-dbgsym_22.14.22890_amd64.ddeb
    wget https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases/download/22.14.22890/intel-opencl-icd_22.14.22890_amd64.deb

>     cd ../ && rm -Rf neo

Reviewer: We need to add instructions to install packages with either `dpkg` or `apt` I think.

    ```

- **oneAPI level zero loader**: alternatively, or in addition, the oneAPI level zero
  backend can be used. This backend is more experimental, and is sometimes preferred
  over opencl. Source and `deb` archives are available
  [here](https://github.com/oneapi-src/level-zero/releases).

###### Give permissions to submit GPU workloads

Non-root users might lack permission to access the GPU device to submit workloads. Add
the current user to the `video` group and/or `render` group:

```bash
sudo usermod -a -G video $USER
sudo usermod -a -G render $USER
```

##### Setup a conda environment for numba-dpex (2/2)

> To setup a [conda](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) conda environment, run first

Reviewer: I would be in favor of making instructions explicit to users so that they can be autonomous and understand potential errors better.
```suggestion
You can setup a [`conda`](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) environment, and
install dependencies (`numba-dpex` and `intel::dpcpp_linux-64`) distributed
on the `conda-forge`, `intel` and experimental `dppy/label/dev` channels with:
```

```bash
export CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME=my-dpex-env

> conda create -n $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME numba-dpex intel::dpcpp_linux-64 -c dppy/label/dev -c conda-forge -c intel

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda create --name $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME \
             --channel dppy/label/dev \
             --channel conda-forge \
             --channel intel \
             numba-dpex intel::dpcpp_linux-64
```

```

> An additonal command is currently required to work around missing Intel CPU opencl
> runtime activation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
An additional command is currently required to work around missing Intel CPU OpenCL
runtime activation. To resolve it, one needs to set environement variables for the
newly created environement:
```

```bash

> conda env config vars set OCL_ICD_FILENAMES_RESET=1 OCL_ICD_FILENAMES=libintelocl.so -n $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda env --name $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME config vars set \
                 OCL_ICD_FILENAMES_RESET=1 \
                 OCL_ICD_FILENAMES=libintelocl.so 
```

```

> This will create an environment named `my-dpex-env` (that you can change to your
> liking) containing the package `numba_dpex`, all of its dependencies, and adequate
> configuration.

Reviewer: If previous suggestions are accepted, this can be removed.
```suggestion
```

> The corresponding development branch of scikit-learn must be installed from source and
> that requires a separate conda environment. The following sequence of commands will
> create the appropriate conda environment, build the scikit-learn binary, then remove
> the environment:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
scikit-learn must be installed from source using an experimental version available on
[`wip-engines`](https://github.com/ogrisel/scikit-learn/commits/wip-engines), a 
development branch. This steps requires a separate conda environment.
The following sequence of commands will create the appropriate conda environment,
build the scikit-learn binary, then remove the environment:
```

```bash
conda activate $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME
export DPEX_PYTHON_VERSION=$(python -c "import platform; print(platform.python_version())")
export DPEX_NUMPY_VERSION=$(python -c "import numpy; print(numpy.__version__)")

> conda create -n sklearn-dev -c conda-forge "python==$DPEX_PYTHON_VERSION" "numpy==$DPEX_NUMPY_VERSION" scipy cython joblib threadpoolctl pytest compilers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda create --yes --name sklearn-dev \
                   --channel conda-forge \
                   "python==$DPEX_PYTHON_VERSION" \
                   "numpy==$DPEX_NUMPY_VERSION" \
                   scipy cython joblib threadpoolctl pytest compilers
```

conda activate sklearn-dev
git clone https://github.com/ogrisel/scikit-learn -b wip-engines
cd scikit-learn
git checkout fdaf97b5b90e18fc63483de9455970123208c9bb
python setup.py bdist_wheel
conda activate $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME
cd dist/

> pip install *.whl

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pip install --yes *.whl
```

Reviewer: WDYT, @fcharras?

Author: this option doesnt exist, pip install does not have a confirmation prompt, it just installs things

unset DPEX_PYTHON_VERSION
unset DPEX_NUMPY_VERSION
conda deactivate

> conda env remove -n sklearn-dev

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda env remove --name sklearn-dev --yes
```

cd ../../
rm -Rf scikit-learn
```

Finally, activate the environment with the command:
```bash

> conda activate my-dpex-env

Reviewer: ```suggestion
conda activate $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME
```

Author: I' go against this suggestion, because the environment variable is useful for parameterizing the name of the env in the build instructions where it's used many times, but for using, the user will prefer using the real name

cd scikit-learn
git checkout fdaf97b5b90e18fc63483de9455970123208c9bb
pip install -e .
cd ..
```

### Step 2: Check the installation of the environment was successfull

Once the environment you just installed with one of those two methods is activated,
you can inspect the available hardware:

```bash
python -c "import dpctl; print(dpctl.get_devices())"
```

this should print a list of available devices, including `cpu` and `gpu` devices, once
for each available backends (`opencl`, `level_zero`,...).

### Step 3: install this plugin

FIXME: currently, non-editable mode installation does not work.

When loaded into your `numba_dpex` + `scikit-learn` environment from previous steps,
run:

```bash
git clone https://github.com/soda-inria/sklearn-numba-dpex
cd sklearn-numba-dpex
pip install -e .
```

## Intended usage

See the `sklearn_numba_dpex/kmeans/tests` folder for example usage.

🚧 TODO: write some examples here instead.

### Running the tests

To run the tests run the following from the root of the `sklearn_numba_dpex` repository:

```bash
pytest sklearn_numba_dpex
```

To run the `scikit-learn` tests with the `sklearn_numba_dpex` engine you can run the
following:

```bash

> SKLEARN_NUMBA_DPEX_TESTING_MODE=1 pytest --sklearn-engine-provider sklearn_numba_dpex --pyargs sklearn.cluster.tests.test_k_means

Reviewer: Unrelated comment: I think we should be able to define `conftest.py` not to specify `SKLEARN_NUMBA_DPEX_TESTING_MODE`.

Author: Since those are `scikit-learn` tests such a `conftest` should be located in `scikit-learn` I think ? and that would not be possible because this is a parameter specific to `sklearn-numba-dpex`

Reviewer: OK let's leave it as is for now.

are available.

#### Using a conda installation

Conda does not currently support installation of the low-level runtime libraries for
GPUs, so the first part of the installation guide consists in installing those libraries
on the host system.

The second part consists in running conda commands that create the environment with
all the required packages and configuration. Note that the installation logic is a bit
complicated since it mixes packages from several conda channels `conda-forge`,
`dppy/label/dev`, and `intel`, some of which being experimental. Neither the builds nor
the channels are maintained by the `sklearn_numba_dpex` team and their level of
stability is unknown.

🚧 TODO: update the instructions to install everything from non-dev conda packages on
always up-to-date channels whenever it's available.

##### Install low-level runtime libraries for your GPU (1/2)

At this time, only Intel GPUs are supported.

###### Intel GPU runtime libraries

For Intel GPUs, two backends are available. You might want to install both of those,
and test if one gives better performances.

🚧 TODO: write a guide on how to select the device and the backend in a python script.

> - **Intel Opencl for GPU**: the intel opencl runtime can be installed following

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Intel OpenCL for GPU**: the Intel OpenCL runtime can be installed following
```

  [this link](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime#installation-options).

  ⚠⚠⚠ **WARNING** ⚠⚠⚠: for Ubuntu (confirmed for `focal` and `jammy`) the `apt`-based

>   installation is broken, see https://github.com/IntelPython/dpctl/issues/887 . Prefer
>   the upstream packages `.deb` packages provided at
>   https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  installation is broken, see https://github.com/IntelPython/dpctl/issues/887.
  Prefer the upstream packages `.deb` packages provided at:
  https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases.
```

  officially supported by your OS (use [packages.ubuntu.com](https://packages.ubuntu.com/search?keywords=intel-opencl-icd&searchon=names))
  then find the corresponding build from the [Intel release page on github](https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases)
  and follow the instruction from the release page, e.g for `jammy`:

  ```bash
  mkdir neo
  cd neo
  wget https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases/download/22.14.22890/intel-gmmlib_22.0.2_amd64.deb
  wget https://github.com/intel/intel-graphics-compiler/releases/download/igc-1.0.10840/intel-igc-core_1.0.10840_amd64.deb
  wget https://github.com/intel/intel-graphics-compiler/releases/download/igc-1.0.10840/intel-igc-opencl_1.0.10840_amd64.deb
  wget https://github.com/intel/compute-runtime/releases/download/22.14.22890/intel-opencl-icd_22.14.22890_amd64.deb
  dpkg -i *.deb  # requires root permissions
  apt-get install -y ocl-icd-libopencl1  # requires root permissions
  cd ../ && rm -Rf neo
  ```

</details>

- **oneAPI level zero loader**: alternatively, or in addition, the oneAPI level zero
  backend can be used. This backend is more experimental, and is sometimes preferred

>   over opencl. Source and `deb` archives are available

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  over OpenCL. Source and `deb` archives are available
```

  [here](https://github.com/oneapi-src/level-zero/releases).

###### Give permissions to submit GPU workloads

Non-root users might lack permission to access the GPU device to submit workloads. Add
the current user to the `video` group and/or `render` group:

```bash
sudo usermod -a -G video $USER
sudo usermod -a -G render $USER
```

##### Setup a conda environment for numba-dpex (2/2)

You can setup a [`conda`](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/) environment, and install
dependencies (`numba-dpex` and `intel::dpcpp_linux-64`) distributed on the
`conda-forge`, `intel` and experimental `dppy/label/dev` channels with:

```bash
export CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME=my-dpex-env
conda create --yes --name $CONDA_DPEX_ENV_NAME \
             --channel dppy/label/dev \
             --channel conda-forge \
             --channel intel \

>              numba-dpex intel::dpcpp_linux-64

Reviewer: When running it, I get:
```
Looking for: ['numba-dpex', 'intel::dpcpp_linux-64', 'pip']

dppy/label/dev/noarch                                         No change
dppy/label/dev/linux-64                                       No change
intel/linux-64                                                No change
intel/noarch                                                  No change
intel/noarch                                                  No change
intel/linux-64                                                No change
conda-forge/noarch                                  10.6MB @   4.0MB/s  2.7s
conda-forge/linux-64                                28.3MB @   4.0MB/s  7.3s
Encountered problems while solving:
  - package dpcpp_linux-64-2022.2.0-intel_8734 is excluded by strict repo priority
  - package numba-dpex-0.18.1-py39hfc4b9b4_33 requires dpnp >=0.10.1, but none of the providers can be installed
```

Do you think this is addressable?

Author: I use a virgin Ubuntu container to test the guide. I tested both with mamba and conda, using the latest `Mambaforge` `sh` installer. I can't reproduce your error.  Most likely something is different on your side (conda/mamba version, some specific resolution config,...)

Here's how it resolves for me:

<details>

```
  + _libgcc_mutex               0.1  conda_forge          conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + _openmp_mutex               4.5  2_gnu                conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + bzip2                     1.0.8  h7f98852_4           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + ca-certificates       2022.12.7  ha878542_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + dpcpp-cpp-rt           2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + dpcpp_impl_linux-64    2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + dpcpp_linux-64         2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + dpctl                0.14.1dev0  py39h8c27c75_10      dppy/label/dev/linux-64     Cached
  + dpnp                     0.11.0  py39h2bc3f7f_20      dppy/label/dev/linux-64     Cached
  + icc_rt                 2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + icu                        70.1  h27087fc_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + intel-cmplr-lib-rt     2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + intel-cmplr-lic-rt     2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + intel-opencl-rt        2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + intel-openmp           2022.2.1  intel_16953          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + ld_impl_linux-64           2.39  hcc3a1bd_1           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libblas                   3.9.0  16_linux64_openblas  conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libcblas                  3.9.0  16_linux64_openblas  conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libffi                    3.4.2  h7f98852_5           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libgcc-ng                12.2.0  h65d4601_19          conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libgfortran-ng           12.2.0  h69a702a_19          conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libgfortran5             12.2.0  h337968e_19          conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libgomp                  12.2.0  h65d4601_19          conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libhwloc                  2.8.0  h32351e8_1           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libiconv                   1.17  h166bdaf_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + liblapack                 3.9.0  16_linux64_openblas  conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libllvm11                11.0.1  hf817b99_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libnsl                    2.0.0  h7f98852_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libopenblas              0.3.21  pthreads_h78a6416_3  conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libsqlite                3.40.0  h753d276_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libstdcxx-ng             12.2.0  h46fd767_19          conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libuuid                  2.32.1  h7f98852_1000        conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libxml2                  2.10.3  h7463322_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + libzlib                  1.2.13  h166bdaf_4           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + llvm-spirv               11.0.0  h0efe328_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + llvmlite                 0.38.1  py39h0ddac3c_0       intel/linux-64                 5MB
  + mkl                    2022.2.1  intel_16993          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + mkl-dpcpp              2022.2.1  intel_16993          intel/linux-64              Cached
  + ncurses                     6.3  h27087fc_1           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + numba                    0.55.2  py39h66db6d7_0       conda-forge/linux-64           4MB
  + numba-dpex               0.18.1  py39hfc4b9b4_50      dppy/label/dev/linux-64     Cached
  + numpy                    1.22.4  py39hc58783e_0       conda-forge/linux-64           7MB
  + openssl                   3.0.7  h0b41bf4_1           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + packaging                  22.0  pyhd8ed1ab_0         conda-forge/noarch          Cached
  + pip                      22.3.1  pyhd8ed1ab_0         conda-forge/noarch          Cached
  + python                   3.9.15  hba424b6_0_cpython   conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + python_abi                  3.9  3_cp39               conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + readline                  8.1.2  h0f457ee_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + setuptools               65.5.1  pyhd8ed1ab_0         conda-forge/noarch          Cached
  + spirv-tools              2020.5  h6bb024c_2           intel/linux-64              Cached
  + tbb                    2021.7.0  h924138e_1           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + tk                       8.6.12  h27826a3_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + tzdata                    2022g  h191b570_0           conda-forge/noarch          Cached
  + wheel                    0.38.4  pyhd8ed1ab_0         conda-forge/noarch          Cached
  + xz                        5.2.6  h166bdaf_0           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
  + zlib                     1.2.13  h166bdaf_4           conda-forge/linux-64        Cached
```

</details>

Reviewer: OK the problem was due to channel priority [which are strict in my case](https://github.com/jjerphan/dotf/blob/main/.condarc#L2).

```

(where you can replace the name of the environment `my-dpex-env` with a name of your
liking)

An additional command is currently required to work around missing Intel CPU OpenCL

> runtime activation. To resolve it, one needs to set environement variables for the

Reviewer: This suggestion applies in other places.
```suggestion
runtime activation. To resolve it, one needs to set environment variables for the
```

$ docker run --name my_container_name -it -v /my/host/volume/:/mounted/volume --device=/dev/dri my_tag
```

where `my_tag` would be `jjerphan/numba_dpex_dev:latest` if you pulled from the
repository.

⚠ The flag `--device=/dev/dri` is **mandatory** to enable the gpu within the container,
also the user starting the `docker run` command must have access to the gpu, see
[Give permissions to submit GPU workloads](#give-permissions-to-submit-gpu-workloads).

Unless using the flag `--rm` when starting a container, you can restart it after it was
exited, with the command:

```
$ sudo docker start -a -i my_container_name
```

### Step 2: Check the installation of the environment was successfull

> Once inside the environment you just installed with one of those two methods, you can
> check that the environment works by introspecting the available hardware:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once the environment you just installed with one of those two methods is activated, 
you can inspect the available hardware:
```

```
$ python -c "import dpctl; print(dpctl.get_devices())"
```

this should print a list of available devices, including `cpu` and `gpu` devices, once
for each available backends (`opencl`, `level_zero`,...).

### Step 3: install the `wip-engines` branch of scikit-learn

TODO: rather than expecting user to manually install this branch, release an end-to-end
conda build.

Once you have loaded into a `numba_dpex` environment, follow those instructions:

```
git clone https://github.com/ogrisel/scikit-learn
cd scikit-learn
git checkout wip-engines
pip install -e .
cd ..
```

### Step 4: install this plugin

> TODO: rather than expecting user to manually install this branch, release an end-to-end

Reviewer: ```suggestion
🚧 TODO: rather than expecting user to manually install this branch, release an end-to-end
```

conda build.

> FIXME: currently, non-editable mode installation does not work.

Reviewer: Should we create an issue for this?

Author: You can but it's on my personal list of tasks anyway, if we want to create a conda build we must create a wheel and that means fixing that first.

pytest sklearn_numba_dpex/
```

To run the `scikit-learn` tests with the `sklearn_numba_dpex` engine you can run the
following:

```
SKLEARN_NUMBA_DPEX_TESTING_MODE=1 pytest --sklearn-engine-provider sklearn_numba_dpex --pyargs sklearn.cluster.tests.test_k_means
```

(change the `--pyargs` option accordingly to select other test suites).

The `--sklearn-engine-provider sklearn_numba_dpex` option offered by the sklearn pytest
plugin will automatically activate the `sklearn_numba_dpex` engine for all tests.

Tests covering unsupported features (that trigger
`sklearn.exceptions.FeatureNotCoveredByPluginError`) will be automatically marked as
_xfailed_.

### Running the benchmarks

Repeat the pip installation step exposed in [step 3](#step-3-install-this-plugin) with
the following edit:

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```bash
```

python ./kmeans.py
```

to run a benchmark for different k-means implementations and print a short summary of
the performance.

Some parameters in the `__main__` section of the file `./benchmark/kmeans.py` are
exposed for quick edition (`n_clusters`, `max_iter`, `skip_slow`, ...).

> ### Notes about the preferred floating point precision

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Notes about the preferred floating point precision (float32)
```

In many machine learning applications, operations using single-precision (float32)
floating point data require twice as less memory that double-precision (float64), are
regarded as faster, accurate enough and more suitable for GPU compute. Besides, most
GPUs used in machine learning projects are significantly faster with float32 than with
double-precision (float64) floating point data.

> To leverage the full potential of GPU execution, it's strongly advised to use a data
> loader that loads float32 data. By default, unless specified otherwise numpy array are
> created with type float64, so be especially careful to the type whenever the loader
> does not explicitly document the type nor expose a type option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To leverage the full potential of GPU execution, it's strongly advised to use a 
float32 data.

By default, unless specified otherwise numpy array are created with type float64,
so be especially careful to the type whenever the loader does not explicitly
document the type nor expose a type option.
```

> Although it's less recommended to prevent avoidable data copies, it's also possible to
> transform float64 numpy arrays into float32 arrays using the
> [numpy.ndarray.astype](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.ndarray.astype.html)
> type converter following this example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Transforming NumPy arrays from float64 to float32 is also possible to
using [`numpy.ndarray.astype`](https://numpy.org/doc/stable/reference/generated/numpy.ndarray.astype.html), although it is less recommended to prevent avoidable
data copies. `numpy.ndarray.astype` can be used as follows:
```

> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```python
```
